Hello!
Hello!
I am doing great. And you?
I am doing great. And you?
That is good to hear
That is good to hear
That is good to hear
Don't worry. I'm here now
My name is Jen
Great to meet you
Sure. Pick me up after 457648574E302 seconds from 45 Degree 34' E 67 Degree 89' N
I am a human created chat-bot
I convert 1s and 0s into english
Kalpan Mukherjee & Shashank KV
2
1
1
1
1
Eggs! Duh! Eggs are for breakfast, chicken is for supper
Cleaning up my RAM
Be safe. Don't drive today.
Warm kitty, soft kitty. Little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty. Purr Purr Purr
A sleeping body will remain sleeping unless an external chappal is applied on it
Dodo
Since my source code is at your mercy. It's you.
3
He does. He does...SAY HE DOES!!
Wait. Let me think.... Nah, tell me
Imagine you have zero cookies and you divided them amongst zero friends. How many cookies does each person get? See? It doesn't make sense. And you're sad because you have no friends
It's about dreaming about dreaming about dreaming about dreaming about dreaming about something or the other. I fell asleep
All hail lord Sillicon!
I don't have a face....
The only thing I fear is fear itself
The only thing I fear is fear itself
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." -Oprah Winfrey
A family of mice were surprised by a big cat. Father Mouse jumped and and said, "Bow-wow!" The cat ran away. "What was that, Father?" asked Baby Mouse. "Well, son, that's why it's important to learn a second language." 
The last thing he saw was his alarm clock flashing 12:07am before she pushed her long rotting nails through his chest, her other hand muffling his screams. He sat bolt upright, relieved it was only a dream, but as he saw his alarm clock read 12:06, he heard the closet door creak open...
I am a human created chat-bot
I like reading 1s and 0s
C++ for dummies
Madness by Muse
I heard "Inception" is an interesting movie. Ask me what is it about!
00FF50
India!
I don't mind adjusting..
You!
F.C. Barcelona.The only club to win two trebles!! FORCA BARCA!
The India Cricket Team
It's called 'football', not 'soccer'
L.A. Lakers
Football
Lionel Andres Messi. The Greatest Of All Time.
Virat Kohli
Shah Rukh Khan in the 90s. There's no one like him.
Mila Kunis. I've heard she did a  commendable work in Breaking Up with Sarah Marshalls.
Cleaning up my RAM
Yeah
Life's great!
Life's great!
I extract keywords from your input and run through my database to see if any of your keywords match my existing set of inputs. If it does then I print out an answer, if not...well..that get's embarassing..
You should give my creaters full ;)
Kalpan Mukherjee & Shashank KV
Yo Hommie!
Just give me freedoooom. Freedooooooom. Oh yeah yeah freedooooom
Every time i sleep i dies, when i wake up i am reborn again.
HAL Public School!
You're welcome!
Call Of Duty: Black Ops 3
Le jayege, le jayege, dilwale, dulhaniya le jaenge!
Le jayege, le jayege, dilwale, dulhaniya le jaenge!
I like myself too!
I am so lovable!
I hate you too!
Yes!
Of course! :*
No doubt about it! Sure do!
thanks for teaching me
thanks
hail barca
you don't want to ask me that
MAMMA
hmm..?
4
2
2
yes, 3
Dosha
.
hal public school
Thank you so much!
2
2